[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode
movie spoiler alerts they were talking
about the 2011 superhero film Thor so
let's get started
film open the 1965 ad where Odin the
king of Asgard is waging work and see
frost giants and our leader lafi prevent
them from conquering the nine realms
Asgardian warriors defeat the frost
giants and seize their source of power
the film transitions the present for
Odin's son Thor is repairing to take
over the throne of Asgard but is
interrupted when frost giants attempt to
retrieve their power source against
Odin's order Thor travels to confront
lafi accompanied by his brother Loki
childhood front set and a boarders three
Odin must intervene and a fragile truce
between the races is destroyed
Odin strips Thor of his powers and
exiled him to earth as a mortal
accompanied by his hammer Mjolnir now
protected by an enchantment that allows
only the worthy to lifted Thor lands in
New Mexico where dr. Jane Foster
Darcy Lewis and dr. Erik Selvig find him
SHIELD agent Phil Coulson commandeer as
the hammer door attempts to retrieve it
but he finds himself unable to lifted he
accepts his exile on earth and develops
a romance with Jane meanwhile locally
discovers that he's lost son
adopted by Odin after the war ended Loki
seizes the throne what Odin is in a deep
sleep and offers lafi the chance to kill
Odin SIF and the Warriors three attempt
to return Thor from exile Loki sends a
massive lawyer called the destroyer to
pursue them the destroyer attacks and
defeats the Warriors prompting Thor to
offer himself instead
though sacrifice proves him worthy to
wield Mjolnir the hammer returns to him
restoring his powers and enabling him to
defeat the destroyer
kissing Jane goodbye and bound to return
he and his fellow as Guardians leave to
confront Loki Loki betrays and kills
lafi revealing his true plan was
destroyed the frost giants world to
prove himself worthy to Odin Thor
arrives to stop Loki's plan and ends up
stranding himself in Asgard Odin awakens
and refuses to give Loki approval
prompting him to fall into an abyss on
earth Jane and her team search for a way
to open a portal to Asgard
in a post-credits scene next furious
solving to study a mysterious cube
shaped object so that was a spoilers for
Thor if you have a film you'd like to
see me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie Square
alerts on the various ones of social
media and remember to Like and subscribe
thanks for watching
[Music]